All right, so over here, we're in the yoga playground and the yoga playground is basically like a
playground, OK, not really, but a place where we can play around with the yoga framework and try
to see how it lays things out.
And so, as you can see here, we have this root container.
Now, think of root as your phone screen, right?
Like it's not going to be this wide.
It's more going to be like.
Kind of like this, that would be your phone screen size and in that phone container, we can start
positioning things.
We have three nodes in here right now, each node.
It's kind of special because what it can do is it can grow and shrink dynamically.
Now, if we give this a grow of one, obviously it's not going to do anything because, well, the root
container is set up in a real fashion.
If we set it up in a column fashion, you can see now that because I gave a grow one, it's taking up
the rest of the space.
And if I gave these all the grow one, well, they would all take up equal space.
Interesting.
Now, how would I make them taken the width?
Well, if we went to layout here, we can see that they have a fixed width and a fixed height.
So if we gave them a fixed aspect ratio, well, now they're overflowing.
That doesn't look too good.
Well, how would we do that?
Oh, they automatically taken they automatically take in the width.
Interesting.
So because they had a fixed with and height, they were kind of already.
Fixating themselves in a specific constraint, so by giving them no constraints at all and just saying,
hey, grow to the size that is available, well, now they've grown to the size of the parent container's
width.
And the way that we know that is because we can go here.
And if we remove this node right, you can see that they'll keep on growing, keep on growing.
Right.
And if we put this to zero, well, it's not going to grow at all.
But let's say we made this a bit higher.
Five fifty.
Well, if we added a child note inside of here and we said for this child known, make it grow one.
Interesting, and we said the layout, well, don't give it a fix with don't give it a fixed height.
Well, now two is taking up all the space and one is over here being sad because we took away all of
its properties.
And so you can kind of see how as we play along with this, we can kind of get a sense of.
What exactly can we do with this yoga stuff?
What is available to us, and that is what is interesting, right, is that we could do something like
this where to is wider than one.
And what's extremely cool about this is if you take all of this, you have this get code over.
Yoga is used by litho component kit and react native.
And so we could go and look at, hey, what react native code would generate this layout and we can
get a good idea of how we have to layout our views in specific ways to take up certain portions of the
screen or put things in a specific spot.
Right.
In a dynamic fashion.
So that's extremely interesting because we can go and build an entire test UI in here.
If we gave this all background colors, we could go put this in a snack, for instance.
We could copy this to our clipboard.
We could go to a snack.
Right.
Snack XPO.
And we could kind of put this in a snack, and if we did that, what we would see here is that, well,
what?
I copied a bit too much, maybe we'll see here what exactly is going on.
Oh, copy that.
An actual entire component inside of here.
So that's not so good.
Let's go ahead and remove that and let's just put it here and then we can copy specifically what is
in the return and remove the rest and then we can take the return here and we can make it so.
So if we said background color blue.
Right.
And we said background color green.
Right, background, color, green.
OK, so that's taking up the whole with interesting.
So this was view one that kind of sat at the top and didn't have anything right.
So if we said read.
Now it's taking up 50 50, Flexcar zero, taking up zero, and so we can kind of go ahead and play around
with this if we said this was orange, right.
And then we said this one was.
I'm really laying it out in a weird way here, let's just put this real quick.
If we take this one and we say purple and then we take this one and we say yellow, well, we can see
that we took our layout, right.
Our layout that was in yoga right here.
We put it inside of a snack and we were able to take what was in yoga and visualize it in the snack
so you can go and play around with yoga, play around with different layout types and see how flexible
box interacts and really learn to understand how layout happens and react native.
It's a very powerful tool to start to understand the nuances.
Right.
And so I wanted to give you this tools so that you can go ahead, play around, take this, take a snack
and a real snack and maybe a drink and go play around with some yoga.
Sound good.
I'll see you in the next video.